Add sync webhook (#202)
saleor/saleor-app-sdk: docs/saleor-webhook.md

# Saleor Webhook utilities

Apps are usually connected via webhooks - one App sends an HTTP request to another App, informing about some event or requesting some action to be performed.

To inform your App about events originated from Saleor, you need to expose a webhook handler, which Saleor will call with POST request.

> To avoid boilerplate, App SDK provides utility that abstracts connection details, allowing developers to focus on business logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The App SDK provides a utility that abstracts connection details and auth, allowing developers to focus on business logic.
```

> There are 2 working classes

Reviewer: I hope that all our classes work ;) 

```suggestion
Depending on the type of the webhook, you can choose one of the classes:
```

- `SaleorAsyncWebhook`
- `SaleorSyncWebhook`

## Common configuration

Both `SaleorSyncWebhook` and `SaleorAsyncWebhook` contain similar API with little differences.

### Constructing Webhook instance

In Next.js pages create a page, e.g. `pages/api/webhooks/order-created.ts`. We recommend to keep webhook type in file name, which will be resolved by Next.js to route path.

```typescript
import { SaleorAsyncWebhook } from "@saleor/app-sdk/handlers/next";

/**

>  * To be type safe, define payload from API. This should be imported from generated graphQL code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * To be type-safe, define payload from API. This should be imported from generated GraphQL code
```

 */
type OrderPayload = {
  id: string;
};

export const orderCreatedWebhook = new SaleorAsyncWebhook<OrderPayload>(options);
```

For `SaleorSyncWebhook` it will be similar. Create e.g. `order-calculate-taxes.ts` page and create a new instance:

```typescript
import { SaleorSyncWebhook } from "@saleor/app-sdk/handlers/next";

/**

>  * To be type safe, define payload from API. This should be imported from generated graphQL code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * To be type-safe, define payload from API. This should be imported from generated GraphQL code
```

 */
type CalculateTaxedPayload = {
  // taxes payload from subscription
};

export const orderCalculateTaxesWebhook = new SaleorSyncWebhook<OrderPayload>(options);
```

### Configuring Webhook instance

`options` in constructor must be specified. Here are all options:

```typescript
type Options = {
  /**
   * Additional webhook name, optional.
   */
  name?: string;
  /**

>    * Path to webhook. Should represent relative path from base app URL. In Next.js i will be usually starting with "api/".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Path to webhook. Should represent relative path from base app URL. In Next.js it will start with `api/`, e.g. `api/webhooks/order-created`.
```

All backend endpoints routes start with `/api`

   */
  webhookPath: string;
  /**
   * Valid Async or Sync webhook. Constructor is statically typed so only valid Sync/Async webhooks will be allowed
   */
  event: Event;
  /**
   * Should event be active after installation, enabled by default
   */
  isActive?: boolean;
  /**
   * APL instance - see docs/apl/md
   */
  apl: APL;
  /**
   * Optional callback that allows to inject custom error handling and take control of the response
   */
  onError?(error: WebhookError | Error, req: NextApiRequest, res: NextApiResponse): void;
  /**
   * Optional callback that allows to format error message. Useful to control how much details should be returned in the response
   */
  formatErrorResponse?(
    error: WebhookError | Error,
    req: NextApiRequest,
    res: NextApiResponse
  ): Promise<{
    code: number;
    body: object | string;
  }>;
  /**

>    * Required subscription query. Can be raw graphQL string or the instance of gql`` query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Required subscription query. Can be raw GraphQL string or the instance of query wrapped in `gql` tags
```

   */
  query: string | ASTNode;
};
```

#### Configuration examples

##### SaleorAsyncWebhook configuration example

```typescript
// pages/api/webhooks/order-created.ts

/**

>  * To be type safe, define payload from API. This should be imported from generated graphQL code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * To be type-safe, define payload from API. This should be imported from generated GraphQL code
```

`SaleorSyncWebhook` & `SaleorAsyncWebhook` utility can generate this manifest:

```typescript
// pages/api/manifest

import { createManifestHandler } from "@saleor/app-sdk/handlers/next";

import { orderCreatedWebhook } from "./order-created.ts";

export default createManifestHandler({
  manifestFactory({ appBaseUrl }) {
    return {
      /**
       * Add one or more webhook manifests.
       */
      webhooks: [orderCreatedWebhook.getWebhookManifest(appBaseUrl)],
      // ...rest of your App's manifest
    };
  },
});
```

Now, try to read your manifest, in default Next.js config it will be `GET localhost:3000/api/manifest`. You should see webhook configuration as part of manifest response.

### Creating webhook domain logic

Now, let's create a handler that will process webhook data. Let's back to handler file `pages/api/webhooks/order-created.ts`.

```typescript
type OrderPayload = {
  id: string;
};

export const orderCreatedWebhook = new SaleorAsyncWebhook<OrderPayload>({
  // ... your configuration
});

/**

>  * Notice export default - this should be used by Next.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Handler has to be a default export so the Next.js will be able to use it
```
